Update release checklist (#6137)
ethereum/solidity: ReleaseChecklist.md

## Checklist for making a release:

### Requirements

>  - [ ] AppVeyor account

Reviewer: You can also just login through github. Is it actually needed?

Author: That's true. But you'd need access to the project. But I think everyone has that. I can remove this requirement.

Reviewer: I mean where do you actually need to access appveyor?

 - [ ] Lauchpad (Ubuntu One) account

>  - [ ] gnupg key (has to be version 1, gpg2 won't work) for `your-name@ethereum.org` created and uploaded

Author: @chriseth I'm not sure that this works in the end, because ``release_ppa.sh`` would need to be changed properly. And I can't tell right now, if changing the email and the key is enough. We could make these arguments to the script, though.

 - [ ] Readthedocs account, access to the Solidity project
 - [ ] Write access to https://github.com/ethereum/homebrew-ethereum

### Pre-release
 - [ ] Ensure that a Github project exists for the release.
 - [ ] Check that all issues and pull requests from the Github project to be released are merged to ``develop``.

### Changelog
 - [ ] Create a commit in ``develop`` that updates the ``Changelog`` to include a release date.
 - [ ] Run ``./scripts/tests.sh`` to update the bug list.

>  - [ ] Sort the changelog entries alphabetically and correct any errors you notice.

Reviewer: Should do that before actually creating the commit :)

Reviewer: So it should be: sort, script, commit, pull request

Reviewer: Also, perhaps don't mention "in `develop`" explicitly, sounds like you directly push to the develop branch.

Author: YES :)

Author: > Also, perhaps don't mention "in `develop`" explicitly, sounds like you directly push to the develop branch.

Sure. We had that discussion already.

 - [ ] Create a pull request and wait for the tests, merge it.

### Release page

>  - [ ] Create Github release page, select the ``release`` branch as new target and set tag to the new version (e.g. `v0.5.4`) (make sure you only `SAVE DRAFT` instead of `PUBLISH RELEASE` before the actual release)

Reviewer: Could include a link to https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/new

Author: Ah, forgot it. Thanks.

 - [ ] Thank voluntary contributors in the Github release page (use ``git shortlog -s -n -e origin/release..origin/develop``).

>  - [ ] Create a pull request from ``develop`` to ``release``, wait for the tests, then merge it.

Reviewer: This is not related to the section title anymore.

Reviewer: Ok, perhaps just rename the title to: `Create the Release` or something.

 - [ ] Make a final check that there are no platform-dependency issues in the ``solidity-test-bytecode`` repository.
 - [ ] Wait for the tests for the commit on ``release``, create a release in Github, creating the tag.

>  - [ ] Wait for the CI runs on the tag itself (they should push artifacts onto the Github release page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Wait for the CI runs on the tag itself (travis and appveyor should push artifacts onto the Github release page).
```

 - [ ] Run ``scripts/create_source_tarball.sh`` while being on the tag to create the source tarball. Make sure to create ``prerelease.txt`` before: (``echo -n > prerelease.txt``). This will create the tarball in a directory called ``upload``.
 - [ ] Take the tarball from the upload directory (its name should be ``solidity_x.x.x.tar.gz``, otherwise ``prerelease.txt`` was missing in the step before) and upload the source tarball to the release page.

>  - [ ] Publish the release.

Reviewer: "click the publish button on the github release page"?

### PPA

>  - [ ] Change ``scripts/release_ppa.sh`` to match your key's email and key id.

Author: They appear in several places. Maybe I should mention that. Also: I haven't fully tested it in the end.

 - [ ] Run ``scripts/release_ppa.sh release`` to create the PPA release (you need the relevant openssl key).
 - [ ] Wait for the ``~ethereum/ubuntu/ethereum-static`` PPA build to be finished and published for *all platforms*. SERIOUSLY: DO NOT PROCEED EARLIER!!! *After* the static builds are *published*, copy the static package to the ``~ethereum/ubuntu/ethereum`` PPA for the destination series ``Trusty`` and ``Xenial`` while selecting ``Copy existing binaries``.

>  - [ ] Check that the Docker release was pushed to Docker Hub (this still seems to have problems, run ``./scripts/docker_deploy_manual.sh release``).

Reviewer: Not related to the title anymore :)

Reviewer: Also, you have to call it as `docker_deploy_manual.sh v0.x.x`, otherwise it will not push - we could also change the script.

Author: I'd suggest to revisit all the release related scripts separately. I've created an issue for that: https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/issues/6138

Author: Changed the command to `docker_deploy_manual.sh v0.x.x`, though.

### Homebrew

>  - [ ] Get write access to https://github.com/ethereum/homebrew-ethereum

Reviewer: Shouldn't we have that already (see above)?
